Plexi computer just opened up to pro
subscribers and this changes everything
about who can use it. So until now this
was locked behind the max plan only. As
of right now pro subscribers get access
to the full thing. So you get 20
advanced AI models, hundreds of app
connectors, pre-built and custom skills,
all of it, plus an AI agent that runs
autonomously in the cloud via a cloud
computer. This is a single system that
runs multiple Frontier AI models at the
same time. So you've got for example
Claude for reasoning, Gem Life for
research, GPT for long context, and a
dedicated coding agent for anything
technical all working together on your
project from one prompt. Now if you've
never used it before, you can get access
once you go to Plexi and sign in. You'll
see two options, search and computer.
Computer is the new update, and you can
see an example of some of the stuff that
we've done right here inside the chats.
For example, you can build out games,
websites, super autonomous, seems to
handle everything that um I've given it
and thrown at it so far. And you give it
a project basically and it figures out
which AI handles which part
automatically and then just goes off and
implements it for you. So today we're
going to test this live, see what it can
actually do now that it's accessible to
pretty much everyone. Let's get into it.
So
if you've never used Lexi computer
before, here's what it looks like,
right? And you can switch between
different chats. So for example inside
this chat we said create a new beautiful
website for my ARI profit boarding
community using this details and then it
actually created it like so and you can
see the example website right here. So
this is what the website looks like
pretty nicely designed and it uses these
20 different AR models to figure out
which is the best and then goes off and
designs the relevant parts of it and
actually looks better than my original
website which is pretty crazy. So we did
that and literally the cool thing about
this is it all runs inside its own cloud
computer. Now what does that mean? It
means it's got access to its own
computer in the cloud. So if you give it
a task and then run and then walk away
for example um it will actually just go
off and complete it. So here's an
example of where it's worked and it
actually deploys the website in the
cloud as well. So you can preview it
too. Here's another one. So with this
one I said spawn a team of sub agents
with claw code to build a marketing plan
for a AI automation community. And it
created this huge report based on tons
of research. You can see like it's the
details of the community, the marketing
plan, who it's for, etc. It's got a full
table of contents. And it's got 45 pages
of research in terms of like a
step-by-step plan that we could
implement to get the most from this
community, right? And so whether it's
research or lead generation or building
websites or that sort of thing, you can
just go off and and and build whatever
you want, right? Which is pretty cool.
So what is Publexi Computer, right?
Well, it's a single AI system that
orchestrates 20 different AI models at
once, right? And this isn't just another
chatbot. It's basically an AI agent that
goes off autonomously. Perplexi's answer
to open claw, right? But the difference
is like you don't need a terminal to run
it and that sort of thing. So this
launched originally on February 25th,
but it was only for max plan users,
right? Now if you're a pro plan user,
you can get access as well. So it's
pretty much available for anyone who
wants to sign up. And then I would look
at it in three different ways. Right?
And I call this the orchestration edge
framework for AI agents. So this is the
framework and layer number one is the
mission. So you give Plexi computer a
highle project goal, not a prompt, a
project. So for example, it' be like
build a lead generation content system
for my SEO agency or research my top 10
competitors and create a comparison
page. The bigger and more specific the
mission, the better the output. And then
layer number two is the delegation. So
perplexity computer breaks the mission
into subtasks and automatically
delegates each one to the right AI
model. It creates sub agents. It spawns
more agents when it hits complex. It
works asynchronously meaning like you
can give it a project then come back in
30 minutes and it's already completed.
And then the final step is the delivery,
right? So the computer delivers a
finished output, not a draft, an actual
deliverable. And that could be a
website, a report, a codebase, a data
dashboard like I've shown you today.
This can also connect to a bunch of
different tools as well to make it more
powerful. So if we go back to the agent
here, you can see it's got a bunch of
connectors here, right? So you can
connect it to Gmail, Netlefy, Google
Drive, SharePoint, Dropbox, pretty much
every major app is inside this list,
which is pretty cool as well. So this
just allows your agent to be more
autonomous because the more apps you
give access to, the more things it can
do and the more powerful it becomes. The
same with skills, right? So you'll see
inside this section that you can
actually add new skills and create new
skills or just upload them inside this
section here. So for example, we created
a skill for an SEO blog writer where it
can create its own skills, it can go off
and write SEO content. Uh we can call on
that skill whenever we need to. And the
cool thing about this is like instead of
copying and pasting prompts or trying to
manually prompt every single time, which
is very time inensive and also energy
draining, you give it one skill and then
I would just go inside here and say,
"Okay, use the SEO blog writer skill
to write a blog about SEO agencies in
London." Something like that, right? And
basically it will use a skill that I've
pre-trained it on loading the SEO blog
writer skill and then we can reuse that
in the future right it just saves a lot
of time because perplexity is trained on
it. It's like an employee you train but
you just train it once and then it's
good to go and it remembers everything
forever right so this is perplexity
computer the old way for example if we
look about you know the old way versus
the new way well the old way was like
you open chat GPT or claude you copy an
output paste into Gemini do research
manually copy again copying you just
copying a basin all day right basically
or you're using you know six or seven
different AI tools logging into all of
them separately manually connecting the
outputs or spending hours on tasks AI I
could handle in minutes if only the
tools could talk to each other or even
just asking AI for help getting a draft
but doing all the implementation itself.
The new way is you give perplexity
computer one mission. It figures out
which of the 20 models handles each
part. It runs them in parallel and then
you know 20 minutes later you get the
finished result. The new way is one
interface, one subscription, 20 models
um all the integrations and full
workflows done end to end. It's also got
persistent memory which means Plexi
Computer already knows your business,
your style and your preferences. So if
we go back to that example report we
created earlier for the community the
marketing plan right? So this already
understands me who I am what my business
is etc. And so it saves and remembers
that I own the AI profit board community
and who I am which means that it's got
context in every single conversation. It
just reloads that automatically. The
custom skills are pretty cool as well
cuz you can teach it once and it applies
that knowledge automatically every time.
And then the other crazy thing is you
can actually talk to it and it will talk
back to you inside here too, right? So
you'll see this voice mode here. If you
enable that, you can actually talk to
Plexi computer. It will talk back to you
and you can just go back and forth in
conversation and talk about the project
that you're working on, right? It will
just give you updates with the voice. So
it's a super powerful new automation um
available on the pro plan. Now we
actually have a 30-day plan if you want
to use the orchestration edge framework
that we talked about. will step by step
show you exactly how to use this. This
is inside the video notes from today in
the AI profitable boarding community.
And then also what we have is a list of
100 prompts that you can use with Plexi
computer. So that could be like research
prompts. We've got tons of prompts for
content creation, um automation workflow
prompts, even like dashboards as well,
right? So you can create some awesome
dashboards, tools, apps, websites, etc.
using Plexi Computer. Here's an example
of that in action. Right? So, if we go
back to here, you can see that we can
create like
our own PowerPoint slides as well using
this. So, here's an example of that in
action. And we literally just said like
um you know, here's what I'm working on.
And then it went off and automated the
report. And then another one that we
created was videos. So, it can actually
generate videos and images for you as
well, like you can see. And then
additionally, it can also deploy and
create games for you as well. So,
whatever task you tend to throw away, it
hasn't broken on me yet. Hasn't failed
me yet.
I think just because it's got access to
so many AI models, it seems to be way
more autonomous and way more useful than
most of these AI tools out there. So,
thanks so much for watching. You can get
all the video notes from today inside
the AI profit boardroom. This is my AI
automation community that helps you
learn, save time, and grow with AI
automation. Inside the community, you
can ask questions, get help, get support
whenever you need. You can also join
weekly video coaching calls. You can
actually ask questions on a live Zoom
meeting where we teach you AI automation
and you can ask any questions or you can
see what other people working on meet
the community and that sort of thing.
They also get recorded if you can't make
them live. Now we actually have over 137
pages of wins um and reviews like you
can see here of people who have run
through our school training. So lots of
cool wins here pretty much an infinite
scroll of like loads of cool stuff that
people working on. So you can see for
example Paul he created his own NA10 uh
automation that started ranking number
one on Google within 90 minutes. You see
another one here where Paul Rodney
created uh agent vibes text to speech
for claw code and it got over 100 GitHub
stars already. So so many cool people
working on awesome projects to automate
their business and if you want to be
part of that you can join the air profit
boardroom. Now inside the classroom as
well you get access to all of my best
automations. So you can see for example
here you'll learn how to go from
beginner to expert with AI automation
and how to build your first AI agent in
under five minutes. Additionally, you'll
get our playbook on how to automate AI
avatar videos, newsletters, Twitter,
etc. And based on what's working for me,
you can get daily updates inside this
section along with a 6-hour course on
OpenClaw and another 3-hour course on
OpenClaw right here. These all come with
step-by-step tutorials and you can see
that we add new guides every single day
with video tutorials. So recently, for
example, you can now schedule tasks for
free with claw code and oama. I've
already done a video on it and a
step-by-step guide right here. So as
soon as something comes out, we show you
exactly how to use it. You can also
learn how to get more clients for the
agency course and you can learn how to
rank number one with AI SEO here and
also how to grow a YouTube channel with
AI based on what's working for me down
there as well. So that's all inside the
AI profit boardroom link in the comments
description or just go to the AI
profitboarding.com. Thanks for watching.
Appreciate it. I'll see you on the next
one. Cheers. Bubba.